Added context to B2C custom attribute requirements (#97207)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/user-flow-custom-attributes.md

|Name     |Used in |
|---------|---------|
|`extension_loyaltyId` | Custom policy|
|`extension_<b2c-extensions-app-guid>_loyaltyId`  | [Microsoft Graph API](microsoft-graph-operations.md#application-extension-directory-extension-properties)|

> [!NOTE] 

> > When using custom attributes in custom policies, the claim type ID must be prefixed with `extension_` to allow the correct data mapping to take place within the B2C directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using custom attributes in custom policies, you must prefix the claim type ID with `extension_` to allow the correct data mapping to take place within the Azure AD B2C directory.
```

Author: Thanks for the better wording 🙂

Reviewer: @bolt-io 
Thank you for your contribution. 
See my proposed correction. Please commit the suggestion so that we sign off your PR

> > When using custom attributes in custom policies, the claim type ID must be prefixed with `extension_` to allow the correct data mapping to take place within the Azure AD B2C directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using a custom attribute in custom policies, you must prefix the claim type ID with `extension_` to allow the correct data mapping to take place within the Azure AD B2C directory.
```

Reviewer: @bolt-io 
Thank you for your contribution. 
See my proposed correction. Please commit the suggestion so that we sign off your PR
